♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-DUEL!
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
Joey, on phone: I HOPE
YER SITTIN' DOWN, SERENITY,
'CAUSE YOUR BIG BROTHER
HAS SOME PRETTY BIG NEWS.
Serenity: YOU MADE IT
TO THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
WAIT--
HOW'D YA GUESS, SIS?
DID TRISTAN TELL YA!?
NO, YOU'RE A GREATDUELIST,
AND I KNEW ALL ALONG
YOU'D BE A FINALIST!
I'M SO PROUD OF YOU!
DANKS, SERENITY.
I COULDN'T HAVE DONE IT
WITHOUT YOUR SUPPORT!
IF IT WEREN'T FOR YOU
AND MY BUDDIES CHEERIN' ME ON,
THERE'S NO WAY I WOULDA WON
THESE SIX LOCATOR CARDS!
I JUST WISH YOU COULDA SEEN
OL' JOEY IN ACTION, SERENITY.
WELL, GUESS WHAT.
EH, WHAT, SIS?
MAYBE I STILL CAN.
IT'S NOT TOO LATE,
YA KNOW.
HMM?
WHAT ABOUT DA BANDAGES?
I THOUGHT YOUR EYES
WERE STILL HEALIN'.
HMM, WELL,
THE DOCTOR SAID
I COULD TAKE
THE BANDAGES
OFF TONIGHT.
THAT MEANS I CAN
GET MY WISH.
THE NEXT SIGHT I SEE
WILL BE MY BIG BRO
DUELING IN
THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS!
DAT'S GREAT!
SO IT SOUNDS LIKE
YOU CAN COME HOME!
I'LL SEND SOMEONE OVER
TO PICK YA UP RIGHT AWAY!
I GOTTA PREP
FOR THE FINALS,
AND THERE'S NO WAY
YOU'RE TRAVELIN' ALONE!
I CAN'T WAIT
TO SEE YOU!
[EXCITED SPUTTERING]
ALL RIGHT!
[GASP]
JOEY!
JOEY! EASY WITH
THE TECHNOLOGY, YOU SPAZ!
SORRY, BUT SERENITY
TAKES HER BANDAGES
OFF TONIGHT!
WOW! THAT'S SO AWESOME, JOEY!
Tristan: YEAH!
AND... SHE'S COMING
TO THE FINALS WITH US!
WHAT WONDERFUL NEWS!
MM, I JUST NEED SOMEONE
TO GO PICK HER UP...
SOMEONE I CAN
REALLY DEPEND ON...
BUT WHERE AM I
GONNA FIND SOMEONE
ON SUCH SHORT NOTICE?
HMM?
I'LL GO AND GET HER,
YOU DIMWIT!
YOU? NO WAY!
DON'T WORRY, SHE'LL BE
IN SAFE HANDS WITH ME!
HEY! COME BACK!
TRISTAN!
[THINKING]
OH, WELL,
TRISTAN IS LIKE FAMILY.
KINDA LIKE THAT ANNOYING COUSIN
WHO'S ALWAYS BUGGIN' YA.
Tea: OH, NO! LOOK!
[GASP]
Tea: IT'S BAKURA,
AND HE'S HURT!
BAKURA!
WHAT HAPPENED?
I JUST FOUND HIM
LYING ON THE GROUND.
Tea: HE DOESN'T
LOOK SO GOOD.
I TRIED TO TAKE CARE
OF HIS INJURIES.
YOU KNOW HIM?
HE HASN'T SAID A WORD
SINCE I FOUND HIM!
WE'RE BUDDIES,
BUT WHO DO YOU THINK
COULDA DONE DIS?
JOEY...
BAKURA!
WHAT HAPPENED?!
IT HAPPENED SO QUICKLY.
I CAN'T REMEMBER.
I'M LUCKY
I FOUND YOU ALL.
HE NEEDS TO GO
TO A HOSPITAL QUICKLY.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
SOUNDS LIKE BAKURA'S
THE LUCKY ONE.
I'LL TAKE HIM TO SEE
A DOCTOR RIGHT NOW.
JOEY, GIVE ME A HAND.
CAN DO.
THERE YA GO!
HE'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
I'LL CALL
IF THERE'S SOME NEWS.
ALL RIGHT.
BEST OF LUCK!
Tea: SEE YOU LATER,
MR. MOTO.
Joey: FEEL BETTER,
BAKURA.
Yami-Yugi: MY FRIENDS
ARE IN A GREAT DEAL
OF DANGER, KAIBA.
I HOPE YOU'VE LED ME
TO THE RIGHT PLACE.
RELAX, YUGI.
YOUR FRIENDS ARE HERE.
REALLY?
HOW CAN YOU BE CERTAIN?
LOOK. KAIBA CORP'S
SATELLITE
TRACKING SYSTEM
TRACED JOEY WHEELER'S
DUEL DISK
TO THESE
EXACT COORDINATES.
AND IT'S FOOLPROOF.
HEH, WHY YUGI CARES ABOUT
THAT THIRD-RATE DUELIST
IS BEYOND ME.
SOON HE'LL HAVE
BIGGERPROBLEMS.
Joey: HEY! THANKS A LOT...
UH, FELLA.
WHAT HE MEANS TO SAY
IS WE HAVEN'T
INTRODUCED OURSELVES.
I'M NAMU.
AND YOU ARE?
THE NAME'S JOEY.
I'M TEA.
THANKS FOR ALL
YOUR HELP.
OF COURSE.
I JUST DID WHAT ANYONE
WOULD HAVE DONE.
IS THAT A DUEL DISK
ON YOUR ARM?
HMM? UH, YES, BUT I'M AFRAID
I'M NOT MUCHOF A DUELIST.
YOU'RE NOT CHALLENGING ME
TO A DUEL, ARE YOU, JOEY?
I DON'T HAVE TO DUEL
'CAUSE I ALREADYQUALIFIED
FOR THE FINALS, NAMU.
WOW! IMPRESSIVE!
YOU MUST BE GOOD.
MAYBE YOU COULD GIVE ME
SOME TIPS ONE DAY.
WELL, I'LL SEE
IF I CAN FIT YA IN.
HMM, I FEEL AS THOUGH
I'VE MET YOU BEFORE.
YEAH,
I KNOW WHATCHA MEAN.
SMELL YA LATER, NAMU.
NICE MEETING YOU TWO!
SEEMS LIKE
A NICE ENOUGH GUY.
TOTALLY.
Marik, thinking: THOSE FOOLS
HAVE NO IDEA WHO I REALLY AM
OR THE DANGER
THAT'S IN STORE FOR THEM!
LISTEN, MY RARE HUNTERS.
EVERYTHING IS GOING
ACCORDING TO PLAN,
SO OBEY MY ORDERS
AND DON'T FAIL ME THIS TIME!
YOU MUST BRING ME
THE TWO REMAINING
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
AND THE MILLENNIUM PUZZLE!
AND MAKE SURE THAT LITTLE YUGI
STAYS OUT OF MY WAY...
PERMANENTLY!
[THINKING]
IN ORDER FOR ME TO OBTAIN
THE ULTIMATE POWER
OF THE PHARAOH,
EVERYTHING MUST OCCUR
EXACTLY AS I PLANNED.
HOW SHALL WE PROCEED,
MASTER MARIK?
YOUR TASK IS TO WIN ME
THE TWO REMAINING
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
YES, MASTER.
OBTAINING OBELISK
THE TORMENTER FROM KAIBA
WILL BE SIMPLE.
AND WINNING SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON FROM YUGI
WILL BE EQUALLY
AS EFFORTLESS.
WE WILL NOT FAIL YOU,
MASTER MARIK.
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
THE POWER
OF THESE EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS, YOU FOOLS!
DEFEATING THEM
WILL BE DIFFICULT!
THAT'S WHY I'VE DEVISED
AN ALTERNATE PLAN
TO ENSURE
THAT I GET WHAT I WANT.
WHILE YOU KEEP KAIBA
AND LITTLE YUGI OCCUPIED,
I'LL TURN MY ATTENTION
TO THOSE THEY CARE MOST ABOUT.
WITH THEIR FRIENDS
AND LOVED ONES IN DANGER,
I'LL BE SURE
TO GET EXACTLY WHAT I WANT,
AND SOON I'LL BE THE MOST
POWERFUL BEING IN THE WORLD!
HEY, WAIT UP!
JOEY! TEA!
WHAT'S UP?
I DON'T MEAN TO BE
AN INCONVENIENCE,
BUT CAN YOU GIVE ME
A FEW DUELING TIPS
RIGHT NOW?
SURE, I COULD HIT YA
WIT A FEW POINTERS.
THANKS. I'D LIKE TO WIN
AT LEAST ONE DUEL
IN BATTLE CITY.
YOU'VE COME
TO DA RIGHT PLACE, NAMU!
I GOT SO MANY
DUELIN' SECRETS,
IT'LL MAKE YOUR HEAD SPIN!
[PANTING]
JOEY! TEA!
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
KAIBA WAS WRONG.
MM...
Joey: JUST STICK
WITH ME, NAMU.
YOU'LL BE A DUELING EXPERT
IN NO TIME.
WAIT! JOEY,
LOOK BEHIND YOU!
Joey: TAKE DIS!
YOU GOT 'IM!
PIECE OF CAKE!
Tea: AAH!
HUH?
LET GO OF HER,
YA CREEP!
LOOK.
WHATTA YOU WANT?!
YOU'RE REAL TOUGH...
WHY DON'T YOU PICK ON ME?
Tea: JOEY!
BEHIND YOU!
Rare Hunter:
YOU FOOL!
UHH!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT? JOEY!
Joey: I BEEN BETTER!
[CELL PHONE BEEPING]
EXPECTING SOMEONE?
I'LL TAKE THAT.
Tea: GET OFF OF MY STUFF!
Joey: YOU HEARD HER.
LAY OFF!
Yami-Yugi: HELLO?
TEA? ARE YOU THERE?!
HELLO?!
YUGI, HELP!
TEA! WHERE ARE YOU?
TEA!
Tea: NO!
Joey: YOU'RE GONNA
PAY FOR DAT!
Rare Hunter: LOOKS LIKE
YOUR FRIEND WON'T FIND YOU NOW!
ARE YOU THERE? TEA? TEA!
OH, NO!
HMM.
WELL, IT APPEARS
THAT I'VE HIT UPON
YOUR SENSITIVE SPOT,
HAVEN'T I NOW?
PERHAPS I WILL USE
YOUR FRIENDS
TO GET WHAT I WANT
FROM YOU,
NAMELY YOUR PUZZLE...
AND THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
THAT YOU'VE WON.
BESIDES, I'M ALWAYS
LOOKING FOR NEW SERVANTS
TO DO MY BIDDING,
AND YOUR FRIENDS WILL MAKE
THE PERFECT MIND-SLAVES!
UHH...
[GASP]
OH, NO!
Yugi, thinking: I KNEW
THIS WAS GONNA HAPPEN!
MARIK FOUND MY FRIENDS
BEFORE I COULD.
BUT WHERE DID HE TAKE THEM?!
Yami-Yugi: LISTEN!
MM?
IT SEEMS WE'RE
TOO LATE, KAIBA.
THE RARE HUNTERS HAVE ALREADY
GOTTEN TO MY FRIENDS.
HEY, YUGI, RELAX.
IT'S OBVIOUS THEY'RE
REALLY AFTER YOU
AND YOUR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD...
NOT YOUR
PATHETIC FRIENDS.
THEY'REOF NO USE
TO ANYONE.
BESIDES, MY SATELLITE
WILL TRACK THEM DOWN.
WHEELER'S
DUEL DISK SENDS OUT
A CONSTANT SIGNAL,
SO FINDING YOUR FRIENDS
WILL BE A SIMPLE TASK.
AND THEN...
YOU'RE GOING TO DUEL
AGAINST ME, YUGI,
AND YOUR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD WILL BE MINE!
SO GET READY TO LOSE!
KAIBA, YOU AND I
WILL DUEL SOON ENOUGH,
BUT NOT UNTIL
MY FRIENDS ARE SAFE.
IS THAT CLEAR!?
HMM.
[BEEPING]
Mokuba:
SETO, COME IN!
WHAT IS IT, MOKUBA?
WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
JOEY WHEELER'S
DUEL DISK ISN'T
TRANSMITTING A SIGNAL
TO THE SATELLITE SYSTEM.
I THINK SOMETHING'S
BLOCKING IT!
I'LL GO BACK
TO HEADQUARTERS
AND MAKE SURE THE TEAM
STARTS WORKING
ON THE TRACKING PROBLEM
RIGHT AWAY.
Kaiba: DO IT.
ALRIGHT. WE'LL FIND
THOSE GUYS, SETO.
I PROMISE.
WHEN YOU DO,
LET ME KNOW.
[BEEP]
THERE'S BEEN
A MINOR SETBACK.
EITHER MY SATELLITE
SYSTEM HAS A GLITCH
OR THESE RARE HUNTERS
ARE SMARTER
THAN I THOUGHT.
Rare Hunter:
THERE HE IS.
HA HA HA!
HEY! WHO ARE YOU?!
YOU'RE NOT
GOING ANYWHERE!
Odion: WHAT'S THE RUSH?
YOU'RE OURS NOW!
LEAVE ME ALONE!
YOU'RE ONE OF THOSE
RARE HUNTERS,
AREN'T YOU!?
PERHAPS I AM.
AND TODAY
YOU'RE MY PREY.
HA HA HA!
Nurse: I HEAR
IT'S YOUR LAST DAY
WITH US, SERENITY.
THE DOCTOR SAID YOU CAN TAKE
YOUR BANDAGES OFF TONIGHT.
YES, I CAN'T WAIT.
I ALREADY KNOW
THE FIRST THING
I'M GONNA SEE!
YEAH?
AND WHAT'S THAT?
WELL...
MY BROTHER DUELING!
HE JUST TOLD ME HE MADE IT
TO THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
THAT'S GREAT.
YOUR BROTHER MUST
REALLY MEAN A LOT TO YOU.
HE'S LUCKY TO HAVE
A SISTER LIKE YOU.
I THINK
I'M THE LUCKY ONE.
I'VE GOT THE BEST BROTHER
IN THE WORLD.
Rare Hunter:
THERE THEY ARE.
YES, AND IT'S TIME
TO LURE THEM
TO THE CHOSEN
DUELING LOCATION.
I'LL BE BACK.
HYAH! AAH!
HYAH!
HA HA HA!
RARE HUNTER!
WHAT HAVE YOU DONE
WITH MY FRIENDS?
THAT'S FOR US TO KNOW!
AND, SETO KAIBA, LOOK WHO ELSE
IS COMING WITH US.
[GROANS]
LET'M GO!
BIG BROTHER!
HELP ME, SETO!
HELP ME, PLEASE!
MOKUBA!
SETO! GET ME DOWN!
PLEASE HELP ME, SETO!
MOKUBA!
RARE HUNTERS!
LET MY BROTHER GO NOW!
HE'S FINE...FOR NOW.
BUT HIS FUTURE'S
UP IN THE AIR!
HELP ME, SETO!
THEY'LL PAY FOR THIS.
IF YOU SO MUCH
AS TOUCH ONE HAIR
ON MY BROTHER'S HEAD,
I PROMISE
I'LL HUNT YOU ALL DOWN
AND CRUSH EVERY ONE OF YOU
WITH THE WEIGHT OF THE ENTIRE
KAIBA CORPORATION!
HA HA HA!
YOUR EMPTY THREATS
WILL GET YOU NOWHERE,
BUT THERE IS ONE WAY
TO SAVE YOUR BROTHER.
TELL ME!
BIG BROTHER, PLEASE!
MEET US AT THE TOP
OF THAT BUILDING, KAIBA.
THAT IS...
IF YOU EVER EXPECT
TO SEE YOUR BROTHER AGAIN.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS!
AAH!
MOKUBA!
AND KAIBA'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHOSE PRESENCE IS REQUIRED.
IF YOU EXPECT TO BE REUNITED
WITH YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU'LL JOIN US AS WELL, YUGI.
LISTEN TO ME!
I'M WARNING YOU.
LEAVE THEM ALONE!
HA HA HA!
I'LL SEE YOU BOTH
SHORTLY!
REMEMBER, GENTLEMEN,
MEET US ON THE ROOF!
HA HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE
WE HAVE NO CHOICE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
OUR ENEMIES ARE ONE
AND THE SAME!
MM.
BUT MAKE NO MISTAKE.
I'M IN THIS FOR MOKUBA.
WHEN IT COMES
TO RESCUING YOUR FRIENDS,
YOU'RE ON
YOUR OWN NOW, YUGI.
FINE, KAIBA.
Lumis: I SEE YOU TWO
DECIDED TO SHOW UP.
A VERY WISE CHOICE.
Yami-Yugi:
YES, NOW TELL US...
WHAT IS THE MEANING
OF THIS?!
Kaiba: WE'VE KEPT UP
OUR END OF THE DEAL,
SO WHY DON'T YOU
HONOR YOURS
AND RELEASE
THE PRISONERS?
I'M AFRAID
IT ISN'T THAT SIMPLE.
YOU TWO WILL
HAVE TO DUEL US FIRST.
IF YOU WIN, YOU'LL SEE
YOUR LOVED ONES AGAIN.
HA HA HA!
BEFORE THE FUN BEGINS,
ALLOW US
TO INTRODUCE OURSELVES.
I AM LUMIS!
I AM UMBRA!
YOU'VE DEFEATED US
ONCE BEFORE,
BUT I ASSURE YOU,
YOU WON'T BE SO LUCKY
IN THIS DUEL.
Yami-Yugi: AND IF WE DO WIN,
YOU'LL RELEASE OUR FRIENDS AND
FAMILY?
Lumis: PERHAPS, BUT THERE IS NO
WAY YOU'LL WIN!
NOW LET ME EXPLAIN
THE RULES OF THIS MATCH.
IT WILL BE A DOUBLE DUEL--
US AGAINST YOU TWO.
EACH DUELIST WILL RECEIVE
4,000 LIFE-POINTS.
YOU MUST DEFEAT BOTH OF
THE OTHER TEAM'S DUELISTS
IN ORDER TO WIN.
AND AS FOR THE LOSERS?
THEY'LL PAY
A VERY HEFTY PRICE.
A TRIP TO THE SHADOW REALM!
[GASP]
YOU'LL BE DELIVERED
TO THE DARK WORLD
IN THE MOST INGENIOUS OF WAYS.
NOTICE WHERE YOU'RE STANDING--
ON A THIN SURFACE ABOVE
A FIFTY-STORY LIGHT SHAFT
THAT RUNS ALL THE WAY
TO THE GROUND FLOOR...
BUT IF YOU FALL,
YOU'LL NEVER REACH THE BOTTOM.
THAT'S BECAUSE THE VERY SURFACE
ON WHICH WE STAND
IS A DIVIDER
BETWEEN OUR WORLD...
HA HA HA!
AND THE DREADED SHADOW REALM.
EACH DUELIST'S LIFE-POINTS
WILL BE DISPLAYED
IN THE MAGIC SHADOWBOX
ON THE FLOOR BESIDE YOU.
WHEN YOUR LIFE-POINTS
REACH ZERO,
THE SURFACE BELOW YOU
WILL BE DESTROYED,
OPENING UP A VORTEX
THAT LEADS DIRECTLY
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
AAH!
AND ACCORDING TO
BATTLE CITY RULES--
YOUR RULES--
WHEN WE WIN, WE TAKE YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS!
READY?! HA HA HA!
HA HA HA!
LOOKS LIKE I'VE
LEFT YOU SPEECHLESS.
I WAS JUST WAITING
FOR YOU TO FINISH.
DO I HAVE
YOUR GUARANTEE
THAT MY BROTHER'S
ALL RIGHT?
Lumis: YES,
BUT I WOULDN'T COUNT
ON SEEING HIM AGAIN.
Umbra: ONCE YOU'RE
IN THE SHADOW REALM...
THERE ARE NOVISITORS!
HA HA HA!
IT LOOKS AS IF
YOU'VE JUST MADE
YOUR SECOND MISTAKE
TODAY, RARE HUNTER.
THE FIRST WAS
KIDNAPPING MY BROTHER,
AND THE SECOND
WAS CHALLENGING ME!
Lumis: WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT, KAIBA!
[BEEP]
AND I WILL RESCUE
MY FRIENDS!
VERY TOUCHING.
BUT WE DUEL
FOR OUR MASTER, MARIK,
AND LOSING
IS NOT AN OPTION!
OUR DECKS WERE
SPECIALLY ASSEMBLED
TO TAKE DOWN
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS,
AND THAT'S
JUST WHAT WE'LL DO!
AND ONCE WE DELIVER THEM
TO MASTER MARIK,
HE'LL POSSESS ALL THREE
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
Lumis: IN THE MEANTIME,
YOU'LL BE SPENDING
ALL OF ETERNITY
IN THE SHADOW REALM!
SO IF YOU'RE READY,
LET'S DUEL!
Lumis: ARE YOU READY
TO DUEL?!
I TRUST YOU KNOW
THE RULES.
YES. THIS DUEL
IS TWO AGAINST TWO.
EACH PLAYER TAKES
A SEPARATE TURN,
BUT PLAYERS
ON THE SAME TEAM
MUST WORK TOGETHER
TO DEFEAT
THE OPPOSINGTEAM.
AND I'LL BEGIN!
VERY WELL,
RARE HUNTER.
I'LL PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MAKE YOUR MOVE
IF YOU DARE.
IT'LL ONLY BRING YOU CLOSER
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
WRONG!
I'LL SUMMON BETA
THE MAGNET WARRIOR
IN DEFENSE MODE!
MY MONSTER WILL PROTECT
MY LIFE-POINTS
FROM YOUR ATTACKS,
RARE HUNTERS!
Yugi, thinking:
NO ONE CAN ATTACK
UNTIL EACH DUELIST
HAS DRAWN AT LEAST ONCE.
HOPEFULLY BY THEN,
I CAN PICK UP ON THEIR STRATEGY.
OBSERVE!
I SUMMON SHINING ABYSS
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HA HA HA!
NOW IT'S TIME TO SHOW YOU
HOW WE DUEL TOGETHER.
A TEAM STRATEGY!!
THAT'S RIGHT, YUGI!
ACTIVATE MASK
OF BRUTALITY!
THANK YOU, LUMIS.
YOUR MASK
WILL BE A PERFECT FIT
FOR MY MONSTER!
Lumis: NOT ONLY THAT, UMBRA,
BUT IT WILL BOOST
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK POWER
BY A THOUSANDPOINTS!
WHAT? THESE RARE HUNTERS
ALREADY HAVE A MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
WITH TWENTY SIX HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND IT WILL STAY
THAT WAY
AS LONG
AS WE EACH GIVE UP
1,000 LIFE-POINTS
FOR EVERY TURN
WE PLAN TO USE
MASK OF BRUTALITY.
AHH, BUT NOW
WE WON'T HAVE TO!
OBSERVE
AS I ACTIVATE A MAGIC CARD
CALLED MASKED DOLL!
MY MASKED DOLL WILL ABSORB
ANY AND ALL NEGATIVE EFFECTS
CAUSED BY MY MAGIC CARD.
HEH HEH HEH! NICE WORK.
NOW OUR LIFE-POINTS
WILL REMAIN UNTOUCHED
BY OUR MASK
OF BRUTALITY!
YOU FOOLS
ARE NO MATCH FOR US!
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
AND OUR TAG-TEAM STRATEGY
WILL DESTROY YOU!
I DOUBT IT.
WE CAN PLAY
OFF THE STRENGTHS
OF EACH OTHER'S CARDS
AND WORK AS A TEAM
AS WELL AS YOU CAN,
RARE HUNTERS!
HMM. NO, THANKS.
HUH?
TEAMWORK
IS FOR BOY SCOUTS
AND NURSERY SCHOOLS,
YUGI.
YOU'RE WRONG.
LET'S GET ONE THING
STRAIGHT:
I CAN WIN THIS DUEL
AND SAVE MY BROTHER
WITHOUT YOUR HELP.
I'M THE WORLD'S
GREATEST DUELIST,
AND WHEN I WIN
THE BATTLE CITY
TOURNAMENT,
I'LL PROVE IT.
AND NOW, STAND BACK!
[GRUNTS]
I'LL PLACE TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN...
AND THEN...
I'LL SUMMON VORSE RAIDER,
THE MAN-BEAST.
[GROWL]
AND I PLACE MY MONSTER
IN ATTACK MODE!
Yugi, thinking:
WHAT'S HE DOING?
HIS MONSTER IS WEAKER
THAN THEIRS.
AND IF WE DON'T
HAVE A TEAM STRATEGY,
WE'LL NEVER WIN!
Kaiba, thinking:
EXCELLENT.
I'VE GOT AN EXTREMELY POWERFUL
MONSTER READY TO GO.
NEXT TURN I'LL SACRIFICE
MY VORSE RAIDER
AND SUMMON IT TO THE FIELD.
TEAMWORK.
WELL, WE'VE EACH
TAKEN ONE TURN.
NOW IT'S TIME TO SEE
WHOSE STRATEGY IS SUPERIOR.
I THINK YOU'LL FIND THE ANSWER
TO THAT IS OBVIOUS.
Lumis: I AGREE.
DUE TO OUR TEAM STRATEGY,
WEHAVE THE MOST POWERFUL
MONSTER ON THE FIELD.
MIGHT I REMIND YOU OUR DECKS
WERE SPECIFICALLY CREATED
TO WORK TOGETHER
TO DEFEAT YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS.
Yami-Yugi: THIS DUEL
HAS JUST BEGUN,
RARE HUNTERS!
Yugi, thinking:
WE HAFTA WIN!
THE SAFETY OF MY FRIENDS
DEPENDS ON IT!
BUT UNLESS KAIBA AGREES
TO WORK TOGETHER AS A TEAM,
WE'RE DOOMED!
IF HE KEEPS UP
THIS SELFISH ATTITUDE,
WE'LL LOSE THIS DUEL
AND BE TRANSPORTED
TO THE SHADOW REALM!
AND MARIK WILL HAVE
ALL THREE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS!
PLUS, WHO KNOWS WHAT
WILL HAPPEN TO THE GANG
UNDER MARIK'S CONTROL.
WE'VE GOT TO DEFEAT
THESE RARE HUNTERS.
THE FATE OF MY FRIENDS
AND THE WORLD DEPENDS ON IT!
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪